I really support you
Mrs. Jiang is probably Doudou's biological mother
He has an aversion to stubborn men
I can't reveal my identity for now
What's wrong with Mr. Gu?
You've got the wrong person.
I am not Mr. Gu
Manager Sun, you came just in time.
Director Jiang, he won't let me join Story Group
Oh.
Director Jiang
Miss Coco is a day that Mr. Gu attaches great importance to
How could you drive him away?
Coco, he is the famous designer Coco.
I told you
You can't drive away
You come out
I need to ask you something.
You are not the richest man in Haicheng
You forget I move bricks
Why did Jiang Xue
You can't even admit that your boyfriend is wrong, right?
It is precisely because I look like Gu Zhenting
That's why I started impersonating him
dressing style
Walking posture
Even the tone of voice
I've learned to make it difficult for others to distinguish between true and false
But he also mistook his own child
I look like Gu Zhenting
Doudou looks like the young master of Story Group
Not surprising.
Well, I always feel weird
Mommy, if my daddy was a rich man
How can you live in a crappy house?
Move bricks to the hand pumping machine every day
That's true!
Mr. Gu
Why did you bring Doudou to Story Group?
I have a friend who is Gu Zhenting's driver
Doudou likes to play with him very much
Doudou said he missed him today
So I brought Doudou to him
I hate him the most
At that time, Jiang Xue could not climb Gu Zhenting
No one will dare not listen to him in the future
My mom and I were quickly kicked out of the house by him
If not for the government office
My mom and I wouldn't have been so miserable back then
I hate him, the bad things are done by Jiang Xue
What's the matter with taking care of Zhengting?
Why doesn't it matter?
If it weren't for Gu Zhengting, I wouldn't be so miserable
You are not Gu Zhengting
Why are you speaking for him?